This is Rolly Troodum, an old Farley ballad sung by May Kennedy McCord.
As I went out a-walking to breathe the pleasant air, Rolly-troodum-troodum-troodum-rolly-day.
As I went out a-walking to breathe the pleasant air, I saw a lady talking to her daughter fair, Rolly-troodum-troodum-troodum-rolly-day.
Now hush up, dear daughter, and stop your rapid tongue, Rolly-troodum-troodum-troodum-rolly-day.
Now hush up, dear daughter, and stop your rapid tongue.
You're talking about math and you know you're all too young,
Rolly-troodum-troodum-troodum-rolly-day.
Now hush up, dear mother, you know I'm a lady grown, Rolly-troodum-troodum-troodum-rolly-day.
Now hush up, dear mother, you know I'm a lady grown, I need...a place to call my own, Rolly-troodum-troodum-troodum-rolly-day.
Oh, if you were to marry, who would be your man?
Rolly-troodum-troodum-troodum-rolly-day.
Hush up, mammy, for you know it's handsome Sam.
They've gone for the parson, the license for the fetch, Rolly-troodum-troodum-troodum-rolly-day
They've gone for the parson, the license for the fetch. And I'm going to marry before the sunset, Rolly-troodum-troodum-troodum-rolly-day.
There's doctors and lawyers and men that follow the plow Rolly-troodum-troodum-troodum-rolly-day
There's doctors and lawyers and men that follow the plow. And I'm going to marry for the... Rolly-troodum-troodum-troodum-rolly-day.
Oh, now my daughter's married and well for to do,
Rolly-troodum-troodum-troodum-rolly-day.
So hop along, my jolly boys, I think you'll marry too,